requirements:
node version 8 or higher:node -v

npm version 5 or higher(installed with node):npm -v
npm init -y(to init npm i.e package.json)(-y to skip the interactive questions).

parcel-bundler takes collection of javascript files and bundle them into one.Not all browsers support modern javascript syntax that come along. Parcel bundler takes the 
javascript code and converts into equivalent code that the browser supports.
parcel --version.
To install:sudo npm i -g parcel-bundler (sudo means administrator privilages).
 
npm i react@16.2.0 react-dom@16.2.0 --save

plugins to write modern javascript and react syntax:
 npm i babel-preset-env@1.6.1 babel-preset-react@6.24.1 babel-plugin-transform-class-properties@6.24.1 --save-dev
Note:install latest version of babel
install required babel package:npm i @babel/plugin-syntax-object-rest-spread --save-dev, etc.
won't be needed in production version but needed in development
So marked as special development dependencies(i.e --save-dev)

 npm i babel-plugin-transform-object-rest-spread  --save-dev


Create .babelrc file:
{
    "presets": ["env", "react"],
    "plugins": ["transform-class-properties"]
}

Foreman(for running both FE and BE):
React allows to modularize the creation jsx with react components

instal fore globally(check course 64)

note: -g refers to global instalation


Every component in react has its own local state.

lifecycle methods:are special react functions that fire during the component loading on the browser 

Arrow functions allows a short syntax for writing function expressions.
You don't need the function keyword, the return keyword, and the curly brackets.

When trying to fetch generation from backend got a response that backend did not specify a origin.Therefore backend should have the same underlying origin that as the frontend.
 This issue can be addressed by providing the cors(cross origin resource sharing) middleware to the backend.

same origin policy:
Most process checks on requests to verify if req is sent from the origin. This helps in preventing cross site scripting attacks that goes to unapproved origins and addresses.

When the frontend sends request to backend the browser stepsin to check whether both have same origin (postman does not implement same origin policy).

Origin:
hostname of the website.
port number,80-http & 443-https

note: JSX <tag> - <Dragon />

./components/Dragon.js:-
map() turns array of traits to array of traitValues.
join() is used to join trait values

./components/DragonAvatar.js:-
props-short for property is an object which represents data that a parent component can send to child component
URI scheme

setState() is used in react to update the state of the react component.(used for state variable).

note:(...) is used as a spread operator.

Redux:
>is a state container for javascript applications.